applications: serial_lte_modem: implement rebootless modem FOTA (#11757)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: applications/serial_lte_modem/doc/Generic_AT_commands.rst

The test command is not supported.

Modem reset #XMODEMRESET
========================

The ``#XMODEMRESET`` command performs a reset of the modem.

The modem is set to minimal function mode (via ``+CFUN=0``) before being reset.
The SLM application is not restarted.
After the command returns, the modem will be in minimal function mode.

Set command
-----------

The set command resets the modem.

Syntax
~~~~~~

::

   #XMODEMRESET

Response syntax
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

::

   #XMODEMRESET: <result>[,<error_code>]

> The <result> parameter is an integer indicating the result of the command.
> It is 0 on success; otherwise, it is a positive number indicating the step that failed.
> 
> The <error_code> parameter is an integer indicating the code of the error that made the modem reset fail.
> It is only printed when the modem reset was not successful.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The ``<result>`` parameter is an integer indicating the result of the command.
  It can return the following values:
  
  * ``0`` - Success.
  * *Positive value* - On a failure, indicates the step that failed.

* The ``<error_code>`` parameter is an integer.
  It is only printed when the modem reset was not successful and is the error code indicating the reason for the failure.
```
